This is the worst!
I don't know, I kind of like it up here
The world seems different at this height.
It makes me feel like a giant!
What? Look, we're not up here to enjoy the view,
so will you just come and help me clean these gutters?
I'm helping, I'm holding the hose.
Look, I'm taking a giant leak.
Yeah, well, you don't need those gloves to hold the hose.
Look at this dude! Come on, let me wear them!
Sorry man,
you should have thought about that before you threw paper and lost to my scissors.
Whatever dude, just hose this stuff off.
- What the heck?! - Uh, sorry, man.
Weird, it's a tape.
Wonder what it's doing up in the gutter.
Maybe it fell out of a plane.
Nah, it's probably just trash.
I'm gonna see how far I can chuck it.
- Wait! - What?
Don't you wanna see what band it is?
Oh, okay.
Solid Bold?
Augh, it's that single of that summertime song.
Summer Time Loving? Loving in the Summer Time?
- Yeah. - Gimme! Gimme! Gimme!
Ah, this is my jam right here!
What? This song sucks.
Nah, you were all into it too, I remember.
Yeah, just for that one summer in junior high
and then I realized how lame it was.
Whatever man,
once we pop this into the stereo,
all the good memories will come flooding back, and you'll see.
You'll see whose jam it is.
I'm not listening to that trash.
You need to get your mind out of these gutters,
and into the summer!
Fine, but only because I want to take a break.
♪ It's summertime, and you know what that means. ♪
♪ Gonna head down to the beach and do some beachy things. ♪
♪ It's summertime and it feels just right. ♪
♪ Gonna gather all my friends and we'll party through the night. ♪
♪ It's summertime, lo-o-ovin'. ♪
♪ It's-a loving in the summertime. ♪
♪ Summertime lo-o-ovin'. ♪
♪ Baby, why can't you be mine? ♪ - Okay, this song's lame.
I told you, man.
Man, I guess some stuff just doesn't hold on.
Now you're making sense.
And now I'm making snacks.
♪ It's summertime. ♪
♪ Lo-o-ovin'. ♪
♪ Loving in the summertime. ♪
- What are you doing? - What?
You're singing that song.
I am?
Yes, please stop. It's annoying.
I guess it's pretty catchy.
♪ Summertime lo-o-ovin'. Baby, why can't you be mi- ♪ - Dude!
♪ Gonna head down to the beach and do some beachy things! ♪ - Dude!
♪ It's summertime lo-o-o- ♪ - Dude! Quit it!
I'm sorry, I can't help it,
it's stuck in my head, and I can't get it out!
Well, for my sanity and yours, we gotta get that song outta there.
Yeah, okay.
OK, OK, I've got the perfect solution:
Brain Explosion!
What! You can't explode my brain!
That's gotta be illegal.
No, the band, Brain Explosion.
Oh, never heard of them.
Yeah, I know, you wouldn't have.
You gotta be in the know to know, you know.
No.
And that's why you've never heard of them.
But trust me, these guys are like real, real musicians.
Just listen to some of this,
and we'll throw that poppy trash music right out of your head.
Wait wait!
Aww man, that's like the best part!
Rigby!
♪ Lovin' in the summertime! ♪ What?
Ah, I think your song just put me to sleep.
Man, you have no taste in music.
Look, all I know is tthat his song is still stuck in my head.
Alright, well, what if we sit down
and listen to the entire summertime song beginning to end.
That way your brain'll have closure and then it can move on!
I can't stand this, I'm gonna wait outside.
Well, did it work?
♪ I think it worked, but I can't be sure. ♪
♪ So maybe I should listen to the song a little bit more. ♪
Aww, man! it's even worse now!
Time to take a different approach.
Wait. Stop. Stop.
It's not working. The stupid song's still stuck in my head.
You have a song stuck in your head?
Man, we're running out of options here.
Let's see.
Dude, turn it off, I'm trying to think.
Dude stop playing the tape we've already tried-
What's wrong with you!?
I don't...
...know! I can't...
...control it!
We gotta find Skips.
Yeah, I've seen this before.
Hold still.
What was that for!?
You're not thinking about the song anymore, are you?
It's not funny-
-see and it didn't even work!
Look, seriously, I don't know what's wrong with you.
Just sleep it off,
you'll probably forget about it in the morning!
Hello? Hello?
Get out, get out!
The song. It's gone!
Mordecai! Mordecai!
Huh? What's up?
The song's not in my head anymore!
That's awesome dude.
Now we never have to hear that dumb song again.
What the heck is that?
I have no idea what I'm looking at.
I think the song must've left your head
and manifested itself into a physical form.
Well, does it have an "Off" switch?
I dunno!
Hey, dancing song dude! Knock it off!
Dude, quit it!
Seriously, man! I'm sick of this song!
Get off!
Oh my gosh, it's a ghost tape!
Dude. Calm down.
It's not a ghost. It's just music.
You can't touch music. But music can touch you.
Oh, barf. How do we get rid of it?
I don't know. If we just ignore it, it'll probably just go away.
Dude that's it, we gotta do something about this.
What can we do, he's unstoppable!
We gotta fight fire with fire.
Dude, hello, fire's just gonna go right through him!
No dude, we gotta battle him with our own song!
What?
We're gonna write the cheesiest most repetitive and catchy song ever
and we'll see how he likes it.
Aw, snap!
And that's the perfect title!
C'mon!
Pops!
We need you to distract the Summertime Song!
But I can't stand that song!
I know, we're gonna get rid of it for good.
But we need you to buy us some time,
so just go dance with it and pretend like you're having fun.
- All right then. - Thanks Pops.
But I'm not going to use my best dance moves!
Okay, song, song.
Okay, we'll just repeat that. And lyrics, go!
Uh, summertime lovin'!
No dude, c'mon, gimme something I can use.
- What do you like? - Partying!
Macaroni. Oh! Naps, I love naps.
Alright, good enough.
Okay. I'm here. And I brought my bass.
Wait. How did you...
I know everything, remember?
Nah, I'm just yanking you.
I was on the can and I heard your plan.
Let's roll.
Pops, come in, Pops.
Yes, hello?
I need you to lure the summertime song outside, okay?
Yes, okay!
The party continues this way, my friend!
Okay, get ready guys.
Wait up!
Don't start the party without us fellas!
Muscle Man, you play something?
Yeah, Muscle Man blows a mean piece of brass.
Yeah.
And you know who else blows a mean piece of brass?
Here they come!
Pops!
One, two, three, four!
♪ Aw, snap! Aw, snap! ♪
♪ Come to our macaroni party and we'll take a nap. ♪
Louder, c'mon!
♪ Aww snap, aww snap, ♪
♪ come to our macaroni party and we'll take a nap. ♪
He's too strong!
No, we can do it!
Oh shoot it's Benson!
Unbelievable!
Look Benson, we didn't mean-
You guys forgot the most important thing about writing a catchy song.
It's gotta have a beat.
♪ Aww snap, aww snap, ♪
♪ come to our macaroni party and we'll take a nap. ♪
Man, Benson, that was amazing
I didn't know you could play the drums like that!
Well, it's a funny story-
♪ Aww snap, aww snap, ♪
♪ come to our macaroni party and we'll take a nap ♪
No!  ♪ come to our macaroni party and we'll take a nap. ♪